---
title: WPD:Community/Meetings/General/2014/0520 raw mtg notes
---
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Presents">Presents</span></h2>
<p>On IRC, and call:
</p>
<ul><li> renoirb (scribe)</li>
<li> AmeliaBR</li>
<li> shepazu (chair)</li>
<li> Julee</li>
<li> Eliot</li>
<li> JenSimmons</li></ul>
<p>On IRC:
</p>
<ul><li> Garbee</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Topics_and_duration">Topics and duration</span></h2>
<p>From 13:13 to 14:00 EST
</p>
<ul><li> DocSprint during BeyondTellerand</li>
<li> Infrastructure update</li>
<li> Update on Annotation service</li>
<li> Monthly WebPlatform podcast</li>
<li> Readiness Markers</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Notes">Notes</span></h2>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Topic:_DocSprint_during_BeyondTellerand">Topic: DocSprint during BeyondTellerand</span></h3>
<pre>
... it happened last weekend
... there were some noise on IRC and Twitter https://twitter.com/search?q=WPDS
... https://twitter.com/rodneyrehm/status/467939708040134657/photo/1
... https://twitter.com/hdragomir/status/468049195505819648/photo/1
... https://twitter.com/franciov/status/467999704668983297/photo/1
Julee: we should make sure we have community management back
... to bring folks back to contributing, and it would clarify
... what can be done and cannot be done in events
shepazu (agrees)
... maybe make a spot on the front page to make aware of events
... we do have a page about upcoming/past events
jensimmons agrees
julee: maybe just have a page exposed showing
all agreeing on:
- Creating a form/system to add an event
- Way to fetch list of upcoming events
- Way to display on the front page
- Way to send notification on the mailing list
shepazu: Let's not speculate on how to do but agree on what we want
</pre>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Topic:_INfrastructure_update">Topic: INfrastructure update</span></h3>
<pre>
shepazu: Julee and I spent some time with renoirb two weeks ago
... we &quot;kicked the tires&quot; and it seemed to work
... renoirb decided to hold off until other tasks
renoirb: explaiining why not making it forward
... because: my current focus is about single sign on
... and I cannot work on more than one issue
... full time, so until it others priorities are finished
... unless it breaks and cannot be fixed
... we have a known issue, and how to live with it.
... to keep priority on sso, unless it blocks progress
jensimons, shepazu: lets ask eliezerb if it blocks
renoirb agrees
concensus
Topic: Annotation update topic
shepazu: giving context about we want to have annotation and that it will be shown during next AC meeting in june
... so we can demo it there
</pre>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Topic:_Monthly_podcast.3F">Topic: Monthly podcast?</span></h3>
<pre>
shepazu: we’d like to have a podcast/news about &quot;what’s new on the Web Platform&quot;
... not a competition on existing, but aggregating
... about web standards in general
AmeliaBR:  The W3C Blog kind of covers latest news in web standards: http://www.w3.org/blog/
... we want to talk about the web standards stuff as a point of view of somebody already knows at least some of the backgrounds
... length should not be more than 40 minutes
... there could be interviews too
Garbee:   40 minutes max? Seems a bit tight.
... a person, about [a spec] that they’re doing
... why should [the listener] care about it
... but not competition
... a little bit &quot;insider&quot; but not going in back story (maybe pointing to them if listener need)
... audience is people who has at least some basic on the standards
renoirb: jensimmons, can you help me capture what you were saying ^
jensimmons: shepazu: look at https://simplecast.fm
jensimmons: shepazu: and listen to Shop Talk show — their hot drama section
eliot:   I just have reservations about Doug's time being spent on this cool and fun project when boring things like content and infrastructure need his attention. Not worried about Bruce or David, and the project sounds cool.
shepazu:... this project is not about to start before we are done with other priorities, such as: CompaTables, SSO, Readiness Markers
jensimmons: there are many infrastructure concerns that aren’t trival
eliot: yep
</pre>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Topic:_Readiness_Markers">Topic: Readiness Markers</span></h3>
<pre>
 AmeliaBR: I'm ready to do, and renoirb said that he can thandle it
 ... hopefully we will have it done and setup by tonight
AmeliaBR:  http://docs.webplatform.org/t/index.php?title=javascript/DataView&amp;action=formedit
 ... we should be able to roll it out, will be a simple box that says the status. Nothing will show up if nothing is set and later CSS will change that later like discussed last week
 AmeliaBR ^
 shepazu: We didn’t got news from Pat Tressel about it, I'm going to get news from both him and frozenice
 ... about CompaTables
 AmeliaBR, did I summarized correctly your point?
 [adjourned]
</pre>

<!-- Saved in parser cache with key wpwiki:pcache:idhash:22157-0!*!*!!*!*!*!esi=1 and timestamp 20150731185221 and revision id 54800
 -->
